Update the README of the test framework (#1513)
actor-framework/actor-framework: libcaf_test/README.md

    xs.push_back(1);
    xs.push_back(2);
    xs.push_back(3);
  }

  std::vector<int> xs;
};

WITH_FIXTURE(my_fixture) {

TEST("test 1") {
  require(xs.size(), 3u);
  // ...
}

TEST("test 2") {
  require(xs.size(), 3u);
  // ...
}

SCENARIO("scenario 1") {
  require(xs.size(), 3u);
  GIVEN("...") {
    WHEN("...") {
      THEN("...") {
        // ...
      }
    }
  }
}

} // WITH_FIXTURE(my_fixture)
```

Test Binaries
-------------

To build a test binary, simply add the following to your `CMakeLists.txt`:

```cmake
find_package(CAF COMPONENTS test REQUIRED)
add_executable(my-test test.cpp)
target_link_libraries(my-test PRIVATE CAF::test)
```

In `test.cpp`, include `caf/test/caf_test_main.hpp` and use the macro
`CAF_TEST_MAIN` to generate a `main` function for your test binary.

All tests and scenarios will be automatically registered with CAF. This also
works when splitting tests into multiple files. In this case, create an
executable with all test files and use the `CAF_TEST_MAIN` macro in exactly one
of them.

Like `CAF_MAIN`, the `CAF_TEST_MAIN` macro accepts any number of type ID blocks
as well as CAF modules. For example, wen writing tests that use feature from

> `caf::net`, use `CAF_TEST_MAIN(caf::net::middleman)` to properly initialize the

Author: Good point. There's currently no list of available modules anywhere, I believe. I'll do this as a followup: https://github.com/actor-framework/actor-framework/issues/1522.

meta object tables and networking.

> When running a test binary, it will run all tests and scenarios in all suites.
> However, the binary provides a command line interface to filter suites,
> configure the verbosity, etc. Please run the binary with `--help` to see the
> available options.

Reviewer: Just felt the CLI needed a bit more honor here. Feel free to rephrase. 

```suggestion
Command Line Interface
----------------------

Every test binary provides a command line interface with the options to list all test suites and test cases, select tests to run using a regex, configure the verbosity of the logger, disable colors, etc. Please run the binary with `--help` to see the available options.
```
